You're listening to Victoria sharing how she keeps in touch with friends after leaving her hometown.
Some of which luckily I'm still in touch with but others that perhaps, you know, they've moved on in life and perhaps don't recognise me.
So, you know, the changes get older.
So how did you reconnect with those people?
Mostly through contacts like text, social media, mostly social media but texting as well.
Family contacts as well because obviously my family have contact with their parents and so on.
So it's like, yeah.
When I was, when I moved from Somerset they became friends when I was at Playgroup with Becky and her sister.
Ah, okay. So they weren't friends before anyway, they were mums who made friends.
Mums who made friends with each other whilst Becky and I were at play school.
Yeah.
And that's kind of...
Kind of bringing a friendship because I've got to know her mum as well so it's kind of...
And made it easier to stay in touch.
Communicate and I'm still in touch with her mum now.
So if we lived in a world where we didn't have social media...
It would be difficult unless I had mobile which I do so, you know, I do have mobile contact as well.
I'm not purely just social media, it's just social media I find it easy to communicate through.
Yeah, it's instant, isn't it?
Instant saving, you can say, you know, they're sat near there and they'll get it instantly.
But you might be one of the more lucky ones who still had a contact.
So that you could kind of pick up and try and get in touch with people.
Yeah, re-establish it.
Yeah.